Mod Log implementation (#4)
JojoFR1/Joseta: README.md

### Why Java and JDA?

> We had the choices between JavaScript, Python or Java. Due to personnal preferences, we chose Java and JDA was a library we already had experience in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We could have used JavaScript or Python. But due to personal preferences, we have chosen Java and JDA, as it was a library we already had experience with.
```

## Features

The bot currently has those features available:

- Multiple commands:
  - A `/admin`, only used to send rules as of now.
  - For moderation:
      - A `/(un)warn` command to (un)warn a member.
      - A `/(un)mute` command to (un)mute a member.
      - A `/kick` command to kick a member.
      - A `/(un)ban` command to (un)ban a member.

>       - A `/modlog` command to acces a member moderation history.

Reviewer: Ce serait sûrement mieux sous la forme d'un tableau.
Tu peux utiliser ce site pour en créer un facilement : https://www.tablesgenerator.com/markdown_tables

Author: Peut-être je vais essayer

Author: Ça va être push

> - Multiple features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
On le sait déjà que ce sont des fonctionnalités, c'est écrit dans le titre et l'introduction de la liste.

  - An **Image based Welcome** for new members (not *yet* configurable)

>   - A **Leave Message** for quitting members (not *yet* configurable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A **Goodbye Message** for leaving members (not *yet* configurable)
```
"Leave message" peut vouloir dire "laisser un message", autant éviter les ambigüités.

  - **Rules** + an **Acceptation System**, acting as a verification too (not *yet* configurable)

>   - An **Auto Response** for a common question (not *yet* configurable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - An **Auto Response** for common questions (not *yet* configurable)
```
Je sais que pour l'instant ça ne fait que pour une question, mais je trouve que la formulation au singulier fait bizarre.

## Plans

Our current plans for the future are the following:

- Moderation commands:
  - Support User IDs for `member` argument.
  - Make 'un-' commands actually work (remove sanction)
  - Make it able to use a user id

>   - Better message response (sucess & failed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Better message responses (sucess & failure)
```

- Add a `/config` command

>   - Allow to change *some* variable without having to rebuild and restart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Allow to change *some* variables without having to rebuild and restart
```

  - Allow to un-hardcode values

>   - Allow to be Runnable outside of our server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Allow to be runnable outside of our server
```

- Support multi-server:
  - Mainly to make it useable outside of our server
  - Make it actually useable for others

## How to build

> You will need at the minimum **JDK 17** or later to be able to build this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building requires **JDK 17** or later.
```
The shorter, the better.

At the root of the project, use the following command:
`./gradlew shadowJar`

Once the build process is finished, the output will be present in `./build/libs/JosetaBot.jar`.

## How to run

> You will first need to follow the instruction in the `secret_template.cfg` file before being able to run the bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will first need to follow the instructions in the `secret_template.cfg` file before being able to run the bot.
```

## Features

> This bot is multipurpose and isn't centered around one thing, any feature added (removed or changed) are based off our needs. Here's a list of all the features this bot has:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bot is multipurpose and isn't centered around one thing, any features added (removed or changed) are based on our needs. Here's a list of all the features this bot has:
```

- An **Image based Welcome** for new members (not *yet* configurable)
- A **Goodbye Message** for leaving members (not *yet* configurable)
- **Rules** + an **Acceptation System**, acting as a verification too (not *yet* configurable)
- An **Auto Response** for common questions (not *yet* configurable)

> - | Commands    | Use                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multiple commands:
| Commands    | Use                                |
```
ça fait bizarre d'avoir un point devant le tableau.
